Add foundation (#16289)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/wavtype/foundation/readme.md

> ![foundation]
> 
> the foundation pcb was designed for protozoa studio's foundation line of keyboards.
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: wavtype
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> make wavtype/foundation:via
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> make wavtype/foundation:via:flash
> 
> See the build environment setup and the make instructions for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our Complete Newbs Guide.
> 
> Bootloader
> Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:
> 
> Bootmagic reset: Hold down the key at (0,1) in the matrix (Escaoe key) and plug in the keyboard
> Physical reset button: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB
> Keycode in layout: Press the key mapped to RESET if it is available (by default this is set to "Fn + R")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# foundation

The foundation pcb was designed for protozoa studio's foundation line of keyboards.

* Keyboard Maintainer: wavtype

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make wavtype/foundation:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make wavtype/foundation:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:
* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,1) in the matrix (Escaoe key) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to RESET if it is available (by default this is set to "Fn + R")
```
